# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in --output-file requirements.txt
alembic==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-db
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
    #   oslo-messaging
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmd2
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
automaton==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   taskflow
autopage==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-middleware
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
boto3==1.35.54
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   taskflow
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cliff==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-openstackclient
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pycadf
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   magnum
    #   openstacksdk
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
    #   eventlet
dogpile-cache==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-cache
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
eventlet==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-service
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   taskflow
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
futurist==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   taskflow
google-api-core==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-cloud-vision==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eventlet
    #   oslo-service
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wsme
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   magnum
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-reports
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   openstacksdk
    #   warlock
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rembg
    #   taskflow
    #   warlock
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
keystoneauth1==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
keystonemiddleware==10.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-messaging
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
logutils==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pecan
magnum==19.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   pecan
mangum==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-serialization
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   wsme
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
    #   taskflow
    #   torch
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymatting
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pymatting
    #   rembg
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
onnxruntime==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rembg
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python-headless==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rembg
openstacksdk==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
orjson==3.10.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
os-client-config==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-neutronclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-cache==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
oslo-concurrency==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-config==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   pycadf
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-context==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-db==16.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
oslo-i18n==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-log==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-neutronclient
oslo-messaging==14.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-metrics==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-messaging
oslo-middleware==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-messaging
oslo-policy==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
oslo-reports==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
oslo-serialization==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   pycadf
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   taskflow
oslo-service==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-messaging
oslo-upgradecheck==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
oslo-utils==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   taskflow
oslo-versionedobjects==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pooch
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   scikit-image
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
paste==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-service
pastedeploy==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-service
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   automaton
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
    #   taskflow
    #   testresources
    #   testscenarios
pecan==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pillow-heif
    #   pymatting
    #   rembg
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pillow-heif==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rembg
prettytable==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   automaton
    #   cliff
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-novaclient
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-metrics
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-reports
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycadf==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydot==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   taskflow
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
pymatting==1.1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rembg
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-glanceclient
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pydot
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmd2
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmd2
    #   humanfriendly
python-barbicanclient==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
python-cinderclient==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   python-openstackclient
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   oslo-log
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-glanceclient==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
python-heatclient==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
python-keystoneclient==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
python-multipart==0.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
python-neutronclient==11.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   python-octaviaclient
python-novaclient==18.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
python-octaviaclient==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
python-openstackclient==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-octaviaclient
python-swiftclient==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-heatclient
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pycadf
    #   wsme
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
    #   magnum
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-heatclient
    #   uvicorn
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rembg==2.0.59
    # via -r requirements.in
repoze-lru==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   routes
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-policy
    #   pooch
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-mock
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
rich==13.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
routes==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-service
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
scikit-image==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rembg
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymatting
    #   rembg
    #   scikit-image
setuptools==75.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
    #   paste
    #   pecan
    #   testtools
    #   torch
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
simplegeneric==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wsme
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycadf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   routes
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-db
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
statsd==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-middleware
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   magnum
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   taskflow
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
taskflow==5.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   taskflow
testresources==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-db
testscenarios==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-db
testtools==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   testscenarios
tifffile==2024.9.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rembg
typer==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi
    #   mangum
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uv==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
uvicorn==0.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   kombu
warlock==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-glanceclient
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
webob==1.8.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   magnum
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   pecan
    #   wsme
websockets==13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   debtcollector
    #   python-glanceclient
wsme==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magnum
yappi==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-service
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
